add cycle detection info (#4398)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-2-structures.md

- Where to draw the lines between your dbt Projects -- i.e. how do you determine where to split your DAG and which models go in which project?
- How to manage your code -- do you want multiple dbt Projects living in the same repository (mono-repo) or do you want to have multiple repos with one repo per project?

### Cycle detection

> Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 

Author: ```suggestion
Like resource dependencies, project dependencies are acyclic, meaning they only move in one direction. This prevents `ref` cycles (or loops), which lead to issues with your data workflows. For example, if project B depends on project A, a new model in project A could not import and use a public model from project B. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 
```

> Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and also avoid issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 
```

Author: adding avoid twice because i feel the 2nd issue gets lost. might be overthinking it

> Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 
```

> Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 

Reviewer 2: I see a stray " here:
> `jaffle_finance"`

Author: thank you good catch! i think @matthewshaver caught it too 🙏

> Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 

Reviewer 3: I think since we don't mention the jaffle projects until page 3, we shouldn't bring them up here!
```suggestion
Like resource dependencies, project dependencies are acyclic, meaning they only move in one direction. This prevents `ref` cycles (or loops), which lead to issues with your data workflows. For example, if project B depends on project A, a new model in project A could not import and use a public model from project B. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 
```

> Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#:~:text=...-,Cycle%20detection%3A,-Currently%2C%20%22project%22%20dependencies) for more information. 

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, project dependencies only work in a one-way direction. This helps you avoid indefinite project `ref` cycles (or loops) and issues with your data workflows. For example, the `jaffle_finance"` project can't introduce a new model that depends on `jaffle_marketing.roi_by_channel`. Refer to [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-use-ref) for more information. 
```
